Update docs according to changes to the `list-backup` command (#991)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/manual/42-server-commands.en.md

> **TIP:** You can request a full list of the backups of all servers
> using `all` as the server name.

> To have a machine-readable output you can use the `--minimal` option, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a machine-readable output you can use the `--minimal` option, 
```

As we hare here... i would change have to a more correct get

> and to have the output in JSON format use the `--format=json` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and to get the output in JSON format you can use the `--format=json` option.
```
Same as above @bleidens @barthisrael
